hello
[Music]
hello hello
as always with these
live streams before i even say
the proper intro
can you see me can you hear me
is always the first question
and of course we give a few minutes for
people to get in
hello eve
i made the very silly mistake of
updating my uh um
recording software literally right
before going live
so i'm extra nervous about being seen
and heard
hi lily petra rachelle
michelle i hope i pronounced that right
oh wank shane hi
i am so happy we finally get to do this
let me get everything situated so that
i'm not looking at myself
too much
and then now that i know that i can be
seen and heard i i don't need to be
staring at myself
but i still need to be able to see chat
there we go
we can see and hear me in that case
i'm britney this is wei ying and welcome
to gay watch where we watch gay things
today we start reading moda's issue
volume three
and
who could
be more excited than me i really don't
know it actually came out a couple of
weeks ago but because of my recording
schedule
um i had to wait
until september to start reading it so
it's just been sitting back there
on my little mantle area
staring at me
with its sunshot campaigny
love realizationy goodness
and now i finally get to read it
so if you are new here um and you've
never seen one of these kind of reading
reactions before
first of all welcome i
hope you have as good a time as i tend
to have while doing this
but these are not like
any kind of professional readings i have
never read the book before i have seen
the untamed
i have not read the book so this is kind
of a reading reaction situation versus
any kind of audiobook
professional
or even asmr type thing
that's just generally not how these go
if you're looking at this is volume
three where's volume one and two if you
check the playlists on the gaywatch
channel you will see there is one for
the modez you should read with me series
it starts all the way back at volume one
the very beginning back when i didn't
even read out loud because i forget why
i just decided to do that for a couple
few sessions but
i did but now i read out loud and it's
way way way way more fun
ah
priya
hey priya
it has been a second
so
now that we have
that out of the way um there may or may
not be
a break about halfway through
it all depends on my back once again if
you're new here i have lower back
problems as does like most of the world
and um every now and then sitting too
long makes it really tight and i have to
get up and walk around and loosen it up
um and if i have to do that that's fine
we'll take a bit of a back break
and it's cool
ideally these will be starting at 3 p.m
but
if you've been around here for a second
you know that it always takes a couple
of these live streams to get back up to
running instead of walking and being
prepared instead of being caught with
your parents down like i was today
so
let's see
volume three literally oh my god
wow does the art get even more gorgeous
with every passing volume by the way can
we talk about this moody ass cover hang
on i need to be sure you can see that uh
there's a delay so i can't immediately
see it there so ah yes look at this look
at this moody ass beautiful cover but
then but then
the first page well aside from just the
but then the first thing there in the
title is glorious bunny
bunny buddy moment
a gloriously gay bunny moment are you
serious focus
my camera shut up good focus there we go
look at it
that is exceedingly homosexual
that really is stunning
sorry i just got transfixed by gay bunny
art but don't we all
isn't that you know
point of entry in this fandom
alrighty so anyway sorry i got
distracted by the art um so at the end
of the last one
roshan finally [__] realized he has
big gay feelings
for wongji
took him a while
but here we are
and
now i believe since we have just
realized that at the end of that book we
are now fixing to go back in time
uh and do the sunshot campaign at some
point in this book
which isn't surprising
that
mxtx would finally give you the big gay
realization
and then do a flashback for god knows
how many pages
she's a teasy [__] like this um
we are just straight up
page one part one it is chapter 11
throughout the whole thing
uh called supreme courage
and um
is there anything that i have forgotten
before we start
i do not believe so
so then
let's just start let's start i also have
as per usual
um a little bit of a cough happening
my health is kind of a mess
so
forgive me if i hack up along every now
and then i'm fine it's fine it's an
asthma thing
i'm not sick
it's just
annoying
but actually my throat feels better
today than it has in the past week so
at the very least that's good timing
alrighty oh no
i've got to get used to chinese
pronunciation and i just finished
mainlining
a show from south korea
i have korean in my head
and now i've gotta switch over to
chinese this is gonna get real
embarrassing
real quick
okay all right all right all right
let's go oh god i can see myself no no
no no no no no
all right
there we go that's better
all righty chapter 11 supreme courage
part one
yanmang whoo
you know it's going to be a good session
when it starts that way
yen yenmen was a region replete with
lakes so it was only natural that the
residents of the most prominent
cultivation clan in the area the jain
clan of yangmong lay amongst the waters
that residence was known
as lotus peer my
beloved if one were to depart lotus peer
and row along with the current it
wouldn't take long to arrive at a large
lake with a surfeit of lotuses known as
lotus lake pink blossoms with broad jade
green leaves rose from the depths of the
lake whose waters spanned hundreds of
kilometers
when a breeze brushed past the flowers
swayed and quivered like they were
nodding giving the lovely scenery a sort
of charming innocence
unlike other immortal residences lotus
peer was not far removed from the
secular world ordinary folk were barred
from even setting foot on the grand
estates of other cultivation clans but
outside lotus pier's main entrance were
often a variety of small vendors doing
roaring business and lotus pods water
chestnuts and all sorts of pastries
local children with snotty noses all
sneaked into the drilling grounds to
secretly spy on the disciples sword
training even when they were inevitably
discovered they weren't reprimanded in
fact they were sometimes allowed to play
with the jain sex disciples
when weibu shane was young he often shot
kites by the shores of lotus lake
ching chung kept a keen eye on his own
kite but kept peeking at wei wushan's
too
whole relationship summed up in a
[__] sentence
way wishing's kite was already high in
the sky but he showed no sign of
intending to reel it back a whole
character wrapped up in a single [__]
sentence
he shaded his eyes with his right hand
and grinned up at it
seeming to think the kite still hadn't
flown far enough
seeing how his own kite was about to fly
out of the range where he was certain he
could shoot it down jang trung clenched
his teeth and knocked an arrow on his
bow he released the bow bowstring and
the white feathered arrow shot forth
with a whizzing noise his kite was
painted to resemble a strange one-eyed
monster
when the arrow hit its mark the kite
fell to the earth
zhang chung was clearly pleased and his
expression relaxed bullseye he exclaimed
then quickly asked yours has already
flown far can you still manage to hit it
place your bets way wushan said
dear god he's cocky enough when he's
older but young wushan
only then did he knock an arrow he
focused and aimed drawing the bowstring
to its full span with a snap of his
fingers he let the arrow fly
bullseye a [__] course
jang chung's brow wrinkled again and he
let out a snort the group of boys packed
up their bows and ran over to pick up
their kites and tally their results
the one whose kite had fallen the
nearest to the starting point was ranked
in last place
who lucidi
the sixth eldest of the cd earned this
spot every time
he was teased with good natured laughter
as always but he had very thick skin and
didn't care in the slightest
way washington's kite had landed the
farthest away right behind him in second
place was jang chung's
the two of them feeling lazy that day
decided running all the way out to pick
up decided against running all the way
out to pick up their kites the group of
boys charged onto the nine turn bridge
that floated above the surface of the
water like a blooming lotus and were
horsing around leaping and flying off
walls and roofs when two live graceful
young women made an appearance
the women were both dressed as
combat-ready handmaids and each wielded
a short sword the taller of the two
stopped the boys and presented the kite
and an arrow she held
to whom do these belong she coldly asked
the boys all silently cursed at the
sight of the two women we wishing
stroked his chin and stepped forward
they're mine
the other handmade humped well aren't
you honest oh honey
oh honey
the two handmaids each moved to one side
behind them was a woman dressed in
purple and bearing a sword
the woman was fair of skin and fine in
appearance with noble eyes but there was
a sharpness to her features and her lips
were always curled in the ghost of a
sneer it was the look of a born cynic
and thus very similar to zheng chung
her waist was slim and her purple robes
flowed gracefully as she moved her face
and
her face and the right hand resting on
the hilt of her sword were both as cold
as jade and on that hand's index finger
was a ring adored with a purple crystal
zhang chung smiled at the side of her
mom
conversely the rest of the boys greeted
her with great respect madame you
madame you was indeed jing chung's
mother oh you
ji1
z1
i think it's z1
something close to that
she was of course also jinx fing means
wife and the two of them had once been
cultivation peers although she should
have been known as madam jiang everyone
always called her madame u
why do i feel like that's the equivalent
of like
women i mean that basically is you know
women not taking their husbands names
they leave their own names
as a i mean there are a lot of reasons
to do that but like as like some big
feminist statement you know
which fair
but like that happening like back in
ancient chinaness
i feel like that draws that draws some
eyes you know i feel like that's that's
a big statement about
her character
unless i'm totally reading that wrong
and yes
catrin we love and loathe madame you and
literally dead ass equal amounts
there was much speculation that madame
you disliked using her husband's surname
due to her strong personality but the
cove but the couple never commented on
the gossip either way
oh
i love being right even about the small
things ooh there's some great art of her
one uh but i'll get to that in a second
madame you came from the renowned youth
clan of meshen and was the third oldest
of her siblings thus she was also known
as
san nenji
third girl in the cultivation world she
was known as the purple spider just
speaking that name aloud could strike
fear into the hearts of many even in her
youth she possessed a cold personality
and disliked fraternizing with others so
interactions with her were rarely
pleasant
even after marrying zhang fengman jing
segmen
she didn't enjoy being cooped up at
lotuspear but spent most of her time
venturing out into the wider world on
night hunts
moreover her living quarters at lotus
pier were separated from those of zhang
feng min
her quarters were
formed a private her quarters formed a
private area that housed herself and the
relatives she had brought with her from
the uclan
the two young women with her now were
named jinju and yinju both handmaids and
trusted aides who never left her side
this is a good time to introduce her art
hang on let me click over so i can make
sure it focuses
he uh no pull back there we go
i realize i'm covering one of the hand
maidens
but if i move it'll fall ah
focus
thank you
look at how beautiful and how absolutely
i mean
that's a head [__] in charge
she's
she's fairly terrifying
and fairly awful
but at the same time we already covered
this we hate her and love her in equal
measure anyway
madame you sent a look at zhang chung
bursting around again come let me have a
look at you
about to get a lot of answers about why
zhang chung is the way he is
jing chung scurried over and madame
squeezed his arm with her slender
fingers before giving him a sound slap
on the shoulder
not a bit of progress in your
cultivation you're almost 17 and still
acting like an ignorant child running
around with this lot doing mischief all
day do you think you're the same as them
hell knows which gutters they'll be
crawling in in the future but you'll be
the leader of the jang clan
jiang chung staggered from the force of
her slap he hung his head not daring to
argue back waywu shan needed no
confirmation to know that she was
passive aggressively insulting him again
no that was pretty much just straight on
aggressive wushan
there wasn't much passive there in that
brief monologue
one of his shitties secretly stuck his
tongue out at him and weirshan arched
his eyebrows in response
weighing what are you up to now
as always wei wushan stepped forward and
madame you continued to scold him
acting like this again even if you don't
strive for any kind of personal
improvement don't drag jang chung into
your nonsense and lead him astray
don't i don't strive for improvement way
was sharon looked astonished i thought i
was the most advanced student at lotus
peer
young people never liked to be scolded
they just had to talk back
madame you looked murderous but jang
trung quickly intervened wait was shan
shut up he turned to madame you it's not
that we want to laze around lotus pierce
shooting kites but no one can go
anywhere right now can they the wink the
wen clan claimed all the night hunt
districts as their own when they drew
their boundaries even if i wanted to go
night hunting there's nowhere to go
didn't you and father tell us to stay
home instead of going in search of prey
and provoking the wind clan's wrath
madam you snorted it seems you're going
to have to go whether you like it or not
this time
jang chang looked puzzled but madame you
had already dropped the subject and
stalked off down the long bridge with
her head held high the two handmaids
shot death glares that way we shan
before following
when evening came they learned what she
had meant
the one clan of chechen had sent an
envoy with a message it proclaimed that
due to the other clan's incompetence the
talent and potential of new disciples
was being wasted therefore the weng clan
demanded that every one of these
offending clans send at least 20 sec
disciples to chechen within 30 days
these disciples would be personally
educated by specialists selected by the
wen
clan zhang chung was flabbergasted the
winds actually said that that's
completely shameless
they think they're the sun in the sky
shining down on all the other clans
wayward chandraled it's not like this is
the first time the winds have acted
brazenly they've been brandishing their
size and power since last year when they
forbade other clans from going on night
hunts look at how much prey and land
they've stolen
from the head of the hall jang
zhang feng mian i get caught on that
name every now and then chastised him
mind your words eat your food
only five of them were seated in the
massive hall each with a small square
table laden with dishes in front of them
wei wushan looked down he had only just
moved his chopsticks when he felt the
tug on his sleeve and turning saw jenyon
lee pass him a small plate
there was a number of lotus seeds upon
it the nuts plump and white fresh and
full and freshly peeled
just for him
thanks shiji
we wish he had whispered
january responded with a smile which
added some vibrant color to her
pleasantly unassuming appearance
what food
usuan spot coldly who knows if they'll
be given anything to eat once they
arrive at shushen why not let them
starve now so they get used to it
the wayne clan of shishan's demand was
one they could not refuse
there were countless examples of the
faith that awaited any clan audacious
enough to defy their orders such clans
were declared guilty of any number of
arbitrary criminal charges like
rebellion or menace to the cultivation
world and then openly and justifiably
eradicated
why so distressed jiang feminine asked
calmly no matter what the future holds
today's meal still needs to be eaten wow
the zen
madam you tried to hold herself back but
could not
whole character in one sentence
she smacked her palm on the table
why so distressed because to be
distressed is to have sense
how can you be so indifferent at a time
like this did you not hear what the wen
envoy said their lowly maid dared to act
all high and mighty in front of me
the 20 disciples being sent must include
representatives of the corps family do
you know what that means
ah chung or ali one of them must be
included why are they being sent for
education who are the ones to dictate
how other sex educate their own juniors
sending the children plays right into
the women's hands they'll make hostages
of them
don't be mad mom jing chung tried to
interrupt just me alone is enough
of course you're the one going madame
you scolded him as if your jiji can go
look at her still peeling lotus seeds so
cheerfully ali stop peeling who are you
peeling them for you're a lady not
someone's servant
weiwashan heard that pointed word
servant but didn't care he gobbled up
all the lotus seeds on his plate in one
go mouth filled with refreshing
sweetness as he chewed
however zhang feminine looked up
sun young am i mistaken madam you
snapped
you don't like the sound of that word
servant let me ask you zhang fingmian do
you plan on having him go
it depends on what he wants jiang
feminine replied he can go if he wants
to way we should raise his hand i'll go
how lovely madam you snorted go if you
want to but you won't be forced to if
you don't why is autumn the one who has
to go
raising someone else's son like this sec
leader chang what a good generous man
you are
i
mean go right for his
manhood
there was resentment in her heart yeah
no [__]
and all she wanted was to set it free
heedless of whether her venting had
either sense or reason the others
remained quiet letting her blow off
steam
wow
the family dynamic is really um
leaping off the page you know
you're tired oh
don't say that
said jen
why don't you go back and rest
jang chung still sitting in his own spot
looked up at her
mom
madame you rose to her feet and sneered
what are you calling me for
trying to be like your father and tell
me to quiet down you're an idiot i've
already told you you'll never be able to
compare to the one sitting next to you
you can't compete with him when it comes
to cultivation to night hunts not even
to shooting a kite it can't be helped
it's not your fault your mom can't
compare to someone else's mom after all
if you're no match for him that's just
how it is your mom is simply indignant
on your behalf how many times have i
told you not to hang around with him and
yet you speak up for him how did i give
birth
to a son like you
damn baby that's cold
she stalked out leaving zhang chung
sitting there with his complexion
turning a myriad of colors
jang yanley quietly placed a plate of
peeled lotus seeds on his table
oh
they sat there for a while before jake
feminine broke the silence
i will select another 18 disciples
tonight you will all depart tomorrow
zhang chung nodded unsure if he should
say anything more he never knew how to
talk to his father
we would shan on the other hand found it
the most natural thing in the world he
finished his soup and asked jinx you
shoot is there nothing you want to give
us
zhangfengmin responded with a smile i
gave them to you long ago the swords at
your sides and our motto in your hearts
oh way washand said attempt the
impossible
right
that motto doesn't mean you need to keep
causing mischief when you already know
you're getting in trouble for it jang
chen immediately warned him
in a sentence that will reverberate
through the rest of this entire book
and also goes backwards
throughout the beginning of this entire
book
with that the mood in the dining hall
finally livened up
prior to their departure the following
day zhang feng mian briefed them
unnecessary matters and then added one
last thing the disciples of the jain
clan of yangmong are not so weak that
they cannot withstand a single storm in
the outside world
on the other hand jang yan li followed
them well down the road to see them off
to her satisfaction all the while
stuffing everyone's arms full of all
sorts of dried foods for fear that they
wouldn't be able to feel that fill their
stomachs at youchan
the 20 youths departed lotus beer
heavily laden with food and arrived at
the education office designated by
shushen before the deadline
a great number of disciples from
prominent clans had arrived there all of
them juniors of the hundreds present
many were familiar faces they gathered
in groups of three to five and seven or
eight conversing in hushed voices none
of them seem to be in a good mood so
they must have all been summoned in not
so polite ways
after looking around wei wucheng
commented so people from gusu came too
as expected
for some reason the boys said by the
land clan of gusu all looked rather
haggard land wang ji looked especially
pale but still wore the same frosty
expression that kept most people at
arm's length
can we underline that most people part
please can we like underline it
highlight it
somehow retroactively bold it and
italicize it
could be possible under you know
with his sword vichain strapped on his
back he stood there all alone with no
one else around him
wait we should wanted to go over and
greet him
because you know
when the very pretty boy
standing across the way
is looking so
chilly
and pale that
nobody else wants to talk to him
russian's like i'd go talk to him
i want to go talk to him but you know
ah but jiang chen warned don't start
anything
so he had to abandon the endeavor
suddenly there was someone ahead loudly
issuing orders for the disciples to
assemble in proper formation before a
tall platform
several one sec disciples walked over to
bellow orders quiet all of you no
talking
the one standing on the stage wasn't
much older than them he appeared to be
about 18 or 19 and clearly considered
himself quite important and superior to
everyone else present
his face fell on the very outer borders
of the realm of handsome
and the heirs he put on were as greasy
as his hair
this youth was one chow
the youngest son of the one clan's
leader when chow loved flaunting himself
and took every opportunity to posture
before other clans so his face was not
unfamiliar to anyone present
two people stood on either side of him
at his left was an ostentatious young
woman with a live and graceful figure
large eyes arch brows and lips as red as
fire the only blemish on her perfection
was a black mole that sprouted above her
lips in such an awful spot that it made
one constantly itched to pick it off
at his right was a man who looked to be
20 or 30 with a tall broad build
indifference shaded his expression and
the air around him was somber and cold
when chow stood up high on the slope
looking smugly down at the crowd as he
waved his hand as of now you will turn
in your swords
jesus christ god know every time i get
to this part
because i've seen the entang more than
once every time i'm just screaming
to not freaking do it
god that's the worst idea
uproar erupted amongst the gathered
disciples
a sword never leaves a cultivator's side
someone protested why must we surrender
ours
who said that when chow demanded which
clan are you from step forward
the one who had spoken held his tongue
out of fear quiet returned once more
below the platform and when chow was
pleased
it's precisely because there are still
those of you who don't know etiquette
don't understand subordination don't
comprehend the hierarchy among juniors
from prominent clans
you are flawed at the root and so i have
resolved to educate you
already you are so ignorant and feel it
fearless if i don't correct this now it
will it will result in people vainly
challenging the authority of the one
clan to try and climb above our heads
everyone knew full well that he demanded
their swords with ill intentions
but the one clan of chichen was like the
noonday sun and every other family was
teetering on thin ice
that is an extremely successful and
effective and apt metaphor hot [__]
no one dared resist them in the
slightest
if they should displease the one clan in
any way
wow i glanced away for two seconds
i got no idea
they feared they would be convicted of
some crime that would implicate their
entire clan they had no choice but to
submit and endure it
jing chung held way with shan down why
are you restraining me
we shan't asked in a low whisper jang
chen snorted in case you start something
which i mean
you think too much way richard said that
guy's so slimy it makes me sick but if i
wanted to punch him i wouldn't pick a
time like this to bring our family grief
relax
you want to throw a sack over him and
beat him up again jing ching said that
won't work you see that man next to one
chow
yeah way washen replied he's got high
cultivation but he looks aged so he must
have started training later in life
that man is named wen juliu
jang chen explained also known as core
melting hand
he's wen chow's personal attendant and
is here specifically to protect him
don't provoke him
core melting hand weirshan wondered
that's right jiangcheng said those hands
of his are frightening and he aids those
evil doers in the past he helped when
they'd been conversing in low whispers
while facing forward so when they saw
the when clan servant who was collecting
swords approached them they immediately
stopped talking weiwu shan effortlessly
untied the sword hung at his waist and
handed it in while doing so he stole a
glance over at the land clan of gusu he
thought langley she would refuse to turn
in his sword for sure but to his
surprise while landminji's expression
remained frighteningly frosty he
nonetheless unfastened his sword
madame u's previous mockery had proved
to be a prophecy while they received
education in chichen their affair was
meager to say the least all the few
genuine all the food genuinely had
stuffed their arms with was confiscated
as none none of the young disciples had
yet mastered ooh
benedia
anita
anedia
this made their lives quite difficult
the so-called education provided by the
wedding clan of chushen consisted of
distributing a book entitled
quintessential records and quotable
characters of the illustrious when
which was crammed full of heroic tales
and quotes from one clan leaders and
renowned cultivators throughout history
everyone was given a copy and told to
memorize the text well enough to recite
sight unseen keeping every single word
in mind at all times
every day when shown when chow would
stand above the crowd give a speech and
then demand they all cheer for him
every word they spoke and every action
they took had to be inspired by his
example
during night hunts he would command the
disciples to scout ahead clear the path
for him and draw the attention of
nefarious creatures the others would
fight with everything they had until
when chow popped up at the last second
to land the final easy strike against
the yao beasts that they'd essentially
already defeated
one of the many reasons why this guy is
such a [__] [__]
god
then he'd cut off the ass head and
endlessly boast about how he'd
single-handedly won the trophy for
himself
anyone who robbed him the wrong way
would be singled out and yelled at in
front of everyone scolded so hard they
were brought lower than livestock
at the grand symposium hosted by the wen
clan of chishan a year ago when chow had
entered the arena alongside weiwoo shan
and others during the archery event he
was wholeheartedly convinced he'd win
first place and thought it only natural
that everyone would concede to him
but of his opening three shots one was
on target one fell short and one hit a
paper doll by mistake he should have
exited the arena immediately but
obstinately refused and no one had the
nerve to tell him off
once the final tally came out the top
four were away with shen lanshi chen
jin zeschwan and lan wong jin and if lan
wang ji hadn't left the event early he
would have achieved an even better score
when chow humiliated developed a bitter
hatred for those four in particular
oh
i don't think of course unless i'm
forgetting something i don't think we
ever actually
got in the show
why when chow had such a hard on
for those guys in particular or seem to
really like zero them i don't think we
ever got that
damn of course it would be something
that petty
duh
len chichen hadn't been able to make it
to this little educational retreat but
when chow unrelentingly harassed the
other three giving them tongue lashings
every day in public
quite the demonstration of his might
jinzy schwein was the most aggrieved by
the whole situation he was a much
cherished child growing up adored by his
parents and had never suffered such
humiliation before if it hadn't been for
the other gen clan disciples holding him
back and if when julio wasn't such a
deterrent ginza shrine would have
charged up to wenchow and snuffed out
his life even at the cost of his own
damn
oh no see that knocked me right off
where where where where where
there we are on the other hand len wang
ji looked like his heart was as calm as
still water he had assumed a state of
complete indifference as if his soul had
left his body
weiwou shan meanwhile had spent years
being tongue lashed by madame at lotus
pier each time he found himself
descending the platform he would laugh
it off without a single care for wen
chow's pathetic posturing
bright and early one fateful morning the
juniors were once again driven out of
bed by the wind servants and herded like
livestock toward the location of the
latest night hunt mount mushi
the deeper they ventured into the
mountain the thicker the branches grew
above their heads and the deeper the
shade grew beneath their feet there was
no sound aside from the whispering of
leaves in their own footsteps swallowed
by that dense silence even bird birdsong
or the chirping of insects seemed
unusually loud
after a long time the group happened
upon a small gurgling stream
scattered maple leaves were carried
along by the current the sound of the
water and the color of the maple leaves
subtly lifted the oppressive atmosphere
faint merry laughter could even be heard
up ahead
as they walked waywu shan and jiang
chung grumbled and cursed the wedding
dogs under their breath in every way
they could think of
with a careless glance behind them wei
wushan saw a flash of white robes
it was lan wong ji he had fallen a
little behind the group walking at a
fairly slow pace
huevoshian had attempted to draw him
into conversation many times over the
last few days wanting to catch up
but alas every time landmark you saw him
he would turn away
my poor gay boy
furthermore zhang chung had warned him
time and again not to tease land wang ji
for no reason
oh wait washington has a reason he just
won't know it for another like 16 years
now that the other boy was so nearby
weibuchan couldn't help but
unconsciously examine him
that's heterosexual
suddenly he noticed lan wong ji's gate
was strange oh he was clearly trying to
walk normally but way wishing could tell
he set his right leg more gingerly to
the ground than his left like he
couldn't put any weight on it
at the sight of this weirshan slowed his
pace and deliberately fell behind to
walk by lan wangji's side what's wrong
with your leg len mangji's eyes remain
fixed ahead
nothing
we're pretty well acquainted aren't we
wait was shane wheedled so cold not
sparing me a look at all is your leg
really all right
we are not
well acquainted
like why she said
we rush in spun around to walk backward
quite determined that lying one should
look at his face
don't act tough if something's wrong is
your leg injured broken when did it
happen
he was about to ask if lan wong ji
wanted him to carry him
when something fragrant caught his nose
weiwushan craned his neck to look at the
path ahead and his eyes lit up
seeing him shut up so suddenly lan wenge
looked over as well following his gaze
to spot a group of around five girls
walking together the one in the middle
was dressed in a light scarlet outer
robe with a thin overcoat the gauzy
fabric fluttered with the gentle breeze
and contoured her strikingly lovely
figure and that figure was what had
caught way wushan's eye
myanm that perfect that perfect that
perfume sachet of yours is amazing once
you took it out the bug stopped
pestering us in an instant one of the
girls chuckled the scent is nice too it
clears the mind
when the girl they'd called myanmar and
spoke her voice was as soft and tender
and sweet as the meaning of her name
the sachets are filled with chopped
medicinal herbs there are many uses for
them i've got more sachets here do any
of you want one
when wuchen glided over like a gust of
evil wind oh
where is that oh man i really need to
keep a notepad next to me because i
gotta write down page numbers for that
kind of [__]
oh man there was already one other um
one other line that i was like oh
i wish i could have marked down and
remember it hang on i've got a scrap of
paper here one second
bottom of 24 was that gem
all right
[Music]
save one for me too
that girl jumped in surprise at a
stranger unexpectedly barging into their
conversation
she looked back revealing a pretty face
to match her figure with a slightly
furrowed brow she demanded who are you
why are you also calling me miamian
waywishan smiled i heard them call you
mianmen so i thought that was your name
what is it not then wang ji looked on
with cold indifference
jang chung noticed weirshan getting up
to his usual nonsense again and rolled
his eyes dramatically
the characterization the
characterization
man blush and exclaimed you can't call
me that
why not wait washan asked why don't we
do this then tell me your real name and
i won't call you man man how's that
why do i have to tell you my name just
because you asked me men countered why
don't you give me your name before
asking others for theirs
see
we love man man
she's a [__] queen okay
my name's easy listen closely now
way was shane beck and her clothes my
name is john dao
neiman repeated the name twice in her
head she couldn't recall any young
masters from prominent clans with that
name but judging by his bearing and
manners this young man didn't appear to
be a nobody puzzled she stared at the
teasing smile on weiwu shan's lips
suddenly lan wong ji's cold quiet
commentary came from beside them
trifling with diction
then it hit her weirushan was teasing
her it was an allusion to a verse from
the historical wartime poem myanmar
i said it once you'd think i'd be able
to say it again
yuan now
unendingly do i long for my far away
husband she s stomped her foot angrily
who's longing for you shameless
the group of girls fell into giggling
laughter way wushan you're so shameless
i've never seen such a pest before let
me tell you her name is myanman pulled
him away go go none of you are allowed
to tell him
i did not know
i mean obviously because i haven't read
the book i didn't know that in the book
huangxi was there for the first time he
met for uh wuchan meets many
oh wow
as they left
pardon
as they left waywu shan called after
their retreating backs it's okay if you
leave but give me a perfume sachet come
on are you ignoring me not gonna give me
one if you won't then i'm gonna go ask
someone else for your name someone will
be willing to tell me
a perfume sachet came flying at him
before he finished hitting him squarely
in the chest with the yelp way wushan
pretended the projectile had pierced his
very heart
whirling the sachet around his finger by
its ties he walked back to lang wenji's
side laughing as he did
at the sight of lion wang ji's
increasingly sullen expression he asked
what why are you looking at me like that
again
where where were we oh yeah how about i
give you a piggy back ride oh my god
this man
is just the highest example
of by disaster
that you could ever [__] find
he is such peak by disaster that it
still astounds me even though i've been
a fan of this series for what couple of
years now
and yet still not [__] over it this
boy
len wang ji regarded him quietly
do you behave so flippantly toward
everyone
waywa shan thought for a moment
seems that way
lenwangji lowered his eyes it was a
moment before he declared irreverent
the word was spat through gritted teeth
and tinged with an inexplicable
bitterness
lan wengji sped up his pace and
arduously walked onward apparently
unable to even spare weiwu shan in angry
look
seeing him straining himself again way
wishing hastily excused himself
okay okay fine you don't have to run off
i'll go alright
true to his word he went and caught up
with zhang chung in a few quick strides
but zhang chung wasn't pleasant to him
either he rebuked him savagely you're so
frivolous
you're not lanjan why are you copying
his commentary wait we shan't ask that
scowl of his today is the worst it's
ever been what's going on with his leg
jiang chung was surly you don't have
time to worry about him just mind
yourself who knows what that idiot when
chao is up to driving us up mount mushy
to find some cave i hope whatever he's
scheming doesn't go down like that last
fight against the tree yao making us
surround the thing like a meat shield
of course he looks upset a sec disciple
next to them said in a hush whisper the
cloud recesses was set ablaze last month
you guys haven't heard yet i assume
way wishing was shocked said ablaze jing
chan had heard a lot of similar news
over the past few days so he wasn't a
surprise
the whens did it
you could say that the sec disciple said
or you could say
the lands did it themselves the eldest
son of the wed clan when shu
went to gazoo and declared the land
family head guilty of some crime then
forced the lands to burn down their own
residence
they said they were allowing the family
to put things in order and be reborn
from the flames
over half of the cloud recesses was
reduced to ash not to mention the
surrounding forest a centuries-old
immortal realm destroyed just like that
the landclan family head was heavily
injured too we're not even sure if he's
alive
the sec disciple trailed off with a sigh
does that have anything to do with lan
jan's leg way wishing asked of course it
does the sect disciple replied the first
place when shu ordered them to burn down
was the library pavilion he said anyone
who disobeyed would be taught a valuable
lesson but lan wang ji refused to do it
so when shu's subordinates surrounded
him and broke one of his legs they
didn't even give him the chance to heal
up before dragging him all the way out
here who knows why they're tormenting us
like this
way wushan thought back carefully over
the past few days when he wasn't
enduring winchow's public verbal abuse
landrung she had indeed rarely walked
around
he was always either standing still or
sitting down and never spoke a word it
was only natural for someone who valued
his composure so highly to hide his
injury from others
zhang chung noticing wei wushan seemed
to be drifting in lan wang xi's
direction again
quickly yanked him to a stop
what's with you you still want to mess
with him you're really asking for it
i'm not going to mess with him way
wishing said look at his leg the injury
must have gotten worse after all the
running around over the over the past
few days it's only noticeable now
because it's gone past the point where
he can hide it if this keeps going the
leg is done for
i'm gonna go carry him
jingzheng tightened his grip on wei
wushan
you're not even that close to him do you
seriously not see how much he hates you
and carry him he probably doesn't want
you anywhere near him
that's okay
i don't hate him
wait was shane
i'll snatch him up before he sees it
coming what's he gonna do choke me to
death while i've got him on my back
don't give him ideas
and also don't
voice possibly secret
desires and yearnings that you won't
understand for 16 years
we can't even take care of ourselves
right now we can't afford to get
involved in anyone else's business
zhengcheng warned it doesn't concern us
firstly it does concern us way wushan
said secondly someone needs to worry
wooshan
well the two were quietly arguing one of
the wends servants came over to yell at
them
you two don't keep whispering to each
other watch yourselves
behind the servant was a beautiful
dainty girl her name was wang
uh
ling chao
and she was one of wenchau's personal
attendants oh god
not her although this is around the time
she pokes her goddamn head into these
things
no need to specify exactly what kind of
personal attendant
everyone knew
she had been a handmaid in the service
of wen chow's wife but thanks to her
good looks had climbed into her master's
bed after tossing him a few flirtatious
glances
with his inadvertent aid from her
mistress the servant thus rose to a
higher position her elevation also saw a
new name rise among the cultivation
clans
the wang clan of yingtron
hardly a noteworthy name and yet thanks
to its masters one that could not be
ignored
her spiritual power was too weak for her
to wield a spiritual sword so instead
she carried a long thin branding iron in
her hand
every one servant carried one of these
irons they could brand an excruciatingly
painful mark on a victim's body without
needing
to be heated first
wang ling zhao brandished that rod
imperiously as she scolded them
xiao and gangji told the lot of you to
search for the cave what are you
whispering about
such was the current state of the world
they were taking orders from a smug
arrogant handmaid who had fumbled her
way to the top by climbing a ladder made
of her mistresses bed sheets oh [__]
the two of them didn't know whether to
laugh or cry
oh
i'm laughing i don't know about y'all
just then someone shouted found it
wang ling xiao immediately lost interest
in the two of them and darted over to
sea
she cried out in happiness when she laid
eyes on what had been discovered when
gangshi we found it we found the
entrance
it was a well-concealed underground cave
hidden at the foot of an old banyan tree
wide enough for three goat grown men to
encircle it with their arms
they hadn't found it sooner because the
cave's entrance was very small less than
two square meters wide and the tree's
bulky roots and vines had formed a
robust webbing that all but blocked the
hole
there were also withered branches and
fallen leaves layered on top including a
blanket of dirt and rocks it was
unusually well hidden
once the rotted branches and soil had
been dug away and the roots chopped
clear the eerie pitch black interior
yawned open before them
the mouth of the cave led deep
underground blasts of shiveringly cold
air whirled from within and when someone
threw a rock in to test there was not a
sound it was as if it had sunk into the
sea
when chow was overjoyed this must be it
go down all of you quick
jinzy schwein had really had enough of
this you brought us here saying it was a
night hunt for yao beasts he spat
tersely so might i ask what kind of yao
beast this is exactly inform us now so
we can respond to it properly and avoid
the last heart's chaos
inform you now when chow parrotted
sounding offended he straightened up and
pointed at ginzi schwenn then it himself
how many times do you need me to tell
you before you remember make no mistake
you
are nothing more than my subordinate
cultivators i am the one giving commands
i don't need anyone else to suggest i do
anything only i direct operations and
mobilize troops and only i can subdue
and defeat yao beasts
jesus [__] christ
we already want him dead
so dead just somebody backhand him at
least
he put particular emphasis on each
repetition of only i his loud cocky tone
was at once loathsome and ridiculous
did you not hear what wengenji said
whanglings you scolded go down now
see it's the one-two punch of this
[__] and that [__] that really just
drives a person up a wall
jinzyshwan stood at the very front of
the group suppressing his anger he
flipped back the hem of his robes caught
a stout looking vine and hopped into the
bottomless hole without a shred of
hesitation
for once way wushan could truly
empathize with him
whatever nefarious creatures might
reside inside the cave it would be far
more pleasant to deal with them than wen
chao and his coterie
if jin if jin zichuan
had to look at that pair of adulterers
for even one more second he really just
might carry out his suicidal murder
fantasies
same
what a mood
one by one the rest of the group
followed after gingy sweat
you have a handle on a name one second
and you fly out the window on the name
the next i really can't explain it other
than filthy american
with their swords confiscated the
the forcibly assembled team of disciples
had no choice but to climb down slowly
the tree's vines grew along with the
dirt wall and were thick as an infant's
wrist making them quite sturdy
weiwushan clung onto a vine and
descended slowly all the while mentally
calculating just how deep the hole might
be they slid for over a hundred meters
before their feet touched solid ground
when chow called after them a few times
from above it was only after he was
repeatedly assured it was safe that he
mounted his sword
and leisurely flew down hugging wang
ling zhao around her waist
the when disciples and servants landed
shortly after them
hopefully he's not hunting for anything
too hard to handle jane chong muttered
under his breath i wonder if there are
any other exits to this place if
whatever yao beast or other fiend is in
here goes berserk those vines are long
enough that they might snap it won't be
easy to escape
the others were all thinking the same
thing worry seized their minds and they
unconsciously looked up at the bright
opening of the cave
it looked very small from down here
when chow dismounted his sword and
barked at them what are you all standing
there for do you need me to teach you
what to do go
the group of youths were thus driven
into the depths of the cave since they
were scouting ahead when chow dained to
have his servants give them a few
torches
the domed ceiling of the underground
cave was high and empty untouched by the
weak light wavy chan paid close
attention to the way sound echoed around
them it seemed the deeper they went the
more cavernous the reverberation sounded
they were probably at least 300 meters
underground
the scouts at the front were on high
alert their torches raised in high an
unknown amount of time passed before
they finally came upon a fathomless lake
as vast as any that could be found above
ground
the waters were dark and tranquil and
rocky eyelets of various sizes
pockmarked the surface
there was no other path leading out but
even though they were now at a dead end
their night hunt prey hadn't shown
itself they still didn't even know what
it was heavy clouds of uncertainty
loomed over everyone's heads leaving
them tense and on edge
irritated that the anticipated yow beast
hadn't been found when chaos swore a
couple times then an idea hit him string
someone up overhead lure the thing out
by spilling their blood
most yow beasts had a ravenous lust for
blood the strong bloody smell of human
bait hanging limpy overhead would
definitely lure out their target
wang ling zhao acknowledged his order
and immediately pointed at a particular
girl her then
it was the girl who had been giving out
perfume sachets on the road myanmian her
face went blank when she was named the
choice appeared to be offhanded but wang
ling jiao had been planning and waiting
for such an opportunity for some time a
[__] course the prominent clans had
mostly sent boys so there were very few
young girls here when chow couldn't help
but pay extra attention to them and
especially to myanman who was pretty
she had already been forced to suffer
the pinching and prodding of wenchau's
slimy hands
powerless to do anything but swallow the
humiliation
set him on fire
touching myanman
wang ling zhao had witnessed it all and
loathed the site
the realization that she'd been chosen
as bait really hit her then myanman
snapped out of it and staggered backward
with a terrified expression when wen
chao saw who wengling zhao had picked
regret washed over him he hadn't had the
chance
they're gonna make me read it
he hadn't had the chance to
truly taste her yet
that one why don't we choose someone
else
but why whaling's your wind sounding
aggrieved i want this one do you not
want her to be picked
the moment she played the coquette
wenchow went weak and giddy with lurid
excitement
he took another look at man man's
clothing she was definitely
she was definitely not a proper clan
junior but a sec disciple at most she
was far more suitable to be bait even if
she died no clan worthy of note would
raise a fuss
what are you saying what's there to
complain about jojo gets to call the
shots she can do whatever her little
self wants
myanman knew that once she was strung up
there was almost no chance she'd come
back down alive
panicked she fled about the cave but no
matter where she tried to flee the
people there would scatter away
weibuchan had barely moved a muscle but
was immediately held down firmly by
zhang chung
suddenly myanman noticed that there were
two disciples who had not backed away
from her but remained steadfastly still
she quickly ran to hide behind them
shaking in fear
those two disciples were genji schwen
and lan wong ji
the wind servants trying to seize
man-man saw the two of them
clearly didn't intend to move step aside
they barked landmonger's only response
was silence and indifference
characterization
noticing the situation turning sour when
chao warned them
what are you two standing there for do
you not understand human words or are
you trying to save the damsel in
distress
jinzy's friend raised his eyebrows are
you done was it not enough to have
others be your meat shields now you want
a living person to be your bloody bait
way wuchan was slightly shocked
that ginji swan actually has some guts
one child pointed at them accusingly is
this a revolt i'm warning you i've
tolerated you for a long time take
action immediately trust that girl up
otherwise no one your clan sent along
with you will be going home
ginzi schwan sneered and didn't move a
muscle
lenwang ji also acted as if he heard
nothing as tranquil as if he were in a
meditative state
however there was a sect disciple from
the land clan of gusu who had been
trembling as he listened to wenchau's
threats
unable to endure any longer he charged
over and seized myanman to bind her
before he could succeed lan wangji's
brow furrowed sharply and he struck out
with his palm
that single strike sent the boy hurtling
away
although lenwang ji did not speak a
single word the look he gave that sect
disciple projected immense power in
itself and its meaning was more than
obvious
it is truly a disgrace that the land
clan of gusu has a sec disciple such as
you
the sec disciples shoulders were shaking
as he slowly backed away powerless to
meet any of the eyes staring at him
from all around
i mean lenward g just slapped a [__]
i've read that with my own two
gifts just more gifts
from mxtx
he was like i just put you all through
ye city here have some gifts
weber shannon whispered to zhang chung
jeez landjan's temper is gonna get him
in trouble
chiang change unclenched his fists there
was probably no staying out of the
situation at this point it was
delusional to hope that no blood would
be shed
when chow flew into a rage this is
mutiny kill them both
a number of one sec disciples drew their
shining swords and charged at lan wong
jin and jinji schwein
all the while core melting hand when
giulio stood motionless behind wen chow
with his hands clasped behind his back
as if he thought he didn't need to
participate
which was essentially true the fight was
few against many and the two boys had no
weapons god that's right none of them
have any [__] swords
my anger totally knocked me off the page
they were at a disadvantage in the first
place and terribly exhausted by endless
toil to boot furthermore land run shoe
was injured they wouldn't last long
when chow's mood lifted as he watched
his subordinates fight the pair he
clicked his tongue who do they think
they are defying me people like that
deserve death
yeah a voice left cheekily those who
abuse their family's influence in order
to oppress others and boldly commit
crimes all deserve death and not just
death beheading with their heads put on
display to be cursed at by millions
serving as a warning to future
generations
gee
i wonder who said that
it's a mystery
upon hearing this when shall whirl
around what did you say
do you need me to repeat myself where
was shannon looked astonished alright
then
those who abuse their family's influence
in order to oppress others and boldly
commit crimes all deserve death and not
just death beheading with their heads
put on display to be cursed at by
millions serving as a warning to future
generations did you catch it this time
hang on
writing down the page number
35.
oh
and let me get rid of that one
annoying bot that has just popped up in
the chat hang on
there we go
all right
holy [__] 68 people sorry
i usually have that part covered up okay
where the hell towards the bottom
when julio
shot waywuchan a pensive look when chow
on the other hand was simply outraged
what a load of crap you dare utter such
treasonous arrogant nonsense
weiwoushan's lips curled upward and he
snorted before bursting into insolent
laughter
under the shocked and dumbfounded gaze
of everyone around
he leaned on jing chang's shoulder for
support as he laughed so hard he
couldn't catch his breath
a load of crap treasonous i think that
describes you perfectly
winchow do you know who said those words
you must not so let me help you out that
was straight from the mouth of your
clan's founder the hugely renowned
cultivator when mao
denouncing your ancestors famous quote
as a load of crap i can't believe it
treasonous what a roast oh that's so
good
that book that had been forced on them
quintessential records and quotable
characters of the illustrious one
treated even the most mundane small talk
of the weng family was bloated in
ponderous importance and dissected the
deeper meaning of each word at length
never mind memorizing the text well
enough to recite from memory just
flipping through a couple of pages had
left wei wushan
but he'd found that particular quote
from one mao incredibly ironic so he
remembered it clearly
when chow's face was awash in various
colors as the way wushan continued to
speak
oh right what was the exact sentence for
the crime of insulting a famous one
cultivator what was the punishment again
to be killed without mercy i think hmm
very good you can go die now
i just love him
i just love him so much
oh
i can we i i i can't i
god where the [__] even was i
when chow couldn't hold back any longer
he lunged brandishing his sword and in
doing so left the range of when julio's
protection
when julio had only ever been on the
defensive guarding against others
attacks on wen chow he'd never expected
wen chow to actually make a move on his
own and now that he had the attack was
too sudden for him to respond in time
weibuchen meanwhile had purposely
incensed win chow in order to make him
lose control
the smile on his lips never faded as he
snatched wenchau's sword with his
lightning-quick hands in one fell swoop
he countered the attack and restrained
wen chow
attractive
with win chow in his grip way wishing
put some distance between himself and
when julio by taking a hop skip and a
jump to one of the lake rocks lakes
lakes rock eyelids
he pressed the perloran sword against
wenchau's neck and warned all present
nobody move move and i'll spill some of
your when gangji's blood stop moving
wench house screeched heartbreakingly as
loud as he could all of you stopped
moving
only then did
only then did the when disciples
surrounding lan wong ji and jinji swan
stop their attacks
core melting hand don't think about
moving either way we shan barked you all
know what a nasty temper your family
head has your young masters at my mercy
he'd just need to bleed one drop of
blood for everyone here to be as good as
dead and that includes you
sure enough when julia withdrew his hand
seeing the situation was now under
control way wishing was about to say
more but suddenly he felt the ground
shaking
he cried an alarm isn't an earthquake
they were in an underground cave if the
earth began to quake and the mountain
collapsed the cave mouth might be
blocked off or they might be buried
alive either scenario was horrifying to
to consider and yet ching chong shouted
back no
even so weirshan felt the ground shaking
harder the jolts made the blade of the
sword bump winches throat several times
prompting his horrible shrieking
it's not the ground shaking jing chung
yelled at him it's that thing under your
feet
we shan had noticed too the tremors
didn't come from the ground but from the
rock eyelet he had landed on and not
only was it shaking it was rising higher
and higher more and more of it breaking
through the surface of the water
he finally realized that this wasn't an
eyelet
it was a massive creature that had been
lurking submerged in the deep waters and
he was currently standing on its back
the rock islet
moved speedily towards the shore
the approach of the unknown yao beast
brought with it a formless dread only a
handful of those presents stood firm
among them lan wong ji
and a few others the rest reeled
backwards scrambling away but just as
they thought the thing under the water
was about to erupt from the lake
it stopped
we wishin didn't dare move carelessly
since jumping onto its back had roused
the albies from its deep slumber he held
his ground
waiting quietly to see what would happen
several red maple leaves unusually vivid
in color floated leisurely past them on
the surface of the pitch black waters
surrounding the rock islet
below those leaves deep in the black
death something gleamed like a pair of
brass mirrors
that pair of brass mirrors grew bigger
and bigger closer and closer
oh no way washing cried mentally and
dragged wen chao back a couple of steps
there was a sudden tremor beneath his
feet and the rock eyelet rose high into
the air a humongous swarthy head broke
through the water's leaf speckled
surface
with screams of alarm both high and low
echoing around it the yao bee slowly
twisted its neck and fixed its huge eyes
on the two humans on its back
its round head was very odd looking
almost a turtle nearly a snake
the head made it seem more like a python
but its body which was now mostly out of
the water was more like that of a
what a giant
tortoise way was changed
this
was no
ordinary tortoise
if this tortoise had crashed and crashed
into the drilling grounds of lotus peer
its shell alone could have filled the
entire martial arts arena
three strong men couldn't have encircled
its dark head
ordinary tortoises didn't have such
incomparably long serpentine necks that
twisted like a jowl from its shell nor a
mouth that teamed with snaggled
yellowing fangs they also lacked four
agile feet tipped with sharp claws
we ushan calmly met the gaze of that big
pair of golden eyes
their pupils contracted into thin slits
then then flickered outward and thinned
again as if the beast was trying to
focus and get a better look at what
exactly was on its back
it seemed this yao beast had poor vision
like a snake as long as they didn't move
it wouldn't be able to detect them
suddenly two streams of wet air spewed
from the dark empty nostrils of the al
beast the maple leaves that had been
floating in floating in the water just
so happened to be struck near its nose
and it was probably the tickling of
those little leaves that had made it
snort waywu shen remained still as a
statue but even this minor movement from
the beast terrified wen chow
he knew the creature was bloodthirsty so
when it suddenly breathed out he thought
it was about to go berserk
no longer caring the sword was right out
of his neck he struggled like crazy and
shrieked at when julie was standing on
the shore
why aren't you coming to my rescue come
save me now what are you standing there
for
jang chung grinded his teeth and cursed
idiots
one of the two strange things before the
yao beast's eyes suddenly started
twisting like a worm and making ear
piercing noises
this instantly upset the creature and
its snake-like head snapped backward
before springing forward again it buried
its snaggled yellow black fangs and
lunged at its own back
we wish and hurled wenchow's sword it
shot like an arrow toward the beast's
neck aimed at the spot where a snake's
heart should be however the head was
armored in tough black scales the blade
impacted with a metal clang leaving a
streak of sparks as if it had hit a
steel plate before it finally dropped
into the water
the yao beast seemed taken aback its
gigantic eyeballs rolling downward to
regard the long slim object whose glow
was still visible even as it sank deeper
and deeper
using this chance wei wuchen grabbed one
chow and pushed off into the air limp
leaping to land on another rock eyelet
this had better not be another giant
tortoise sway wushan thought
watch your back waywa shan suddenly
heard zheng ching shout core melting
hand is heading your way
weibuchen whipped around and saw a large
pair of hands coming silently at him he
reflexively struck out with a palm to
counter when julia's attack but felt an
unusually forceful dismal energy wash
over him as if something was about to be
sucked out of his arm
he instinctively withdrew his hand and
when julio used the opportunity to grab
one chow and retreat back to shore
weirshen cursed under his breath and
quickly jumped ashore as well
every one clan disciple had their bows
drawn and they aimed at the yao beast as
they backed away
arrows flew like rain clinking and
clanking as they struck the beast's
black scales and shell
sparks flew while it looked like an
intense battle it was futile
not a single arrow hit a vital point all
they managed to do was give the owl
beast a good scratch the massive heads
swung back and forth even setting aside
the scales its skin was like black rock
full of bumps and hollows if an arrow
did hit the skin it couldn't penetrate
far
way we shouldn't notice that one of the
one disciples next to him was gasping
for breath as he knocked another arrow
into the bow he pulled with all his
might but still couldn't draw it fully
unable to stand it any longer way wushan
rested the bow from him and kicked the
disciple aside there were three arrows
left in the quiver and he knocked all
three at once pulling the bow to full
draw as he aimed the bowstring creaked
at his at his ear but just as he was
about to release it an alarmed cry
suddenly came from behind him
it was a truly panicked scream
when we were shannon looked over
wengling zhao was giving orders to three
servants two of them wrestled myanmian
and held her head still for the third
who was aiming a branding iron at her
face the tip of the iron rod was
sizzling already glowing red with heat
waywu shan was some distance away but
the moment he saw this sight he took
action changing his aim and releasing
the bowstring
three arrows shot out at once and hit
their three targets who collapsed
backward without so much as a grunt
the bowstring hadn't even stopped
quivering when wang ling jiao suddenly
snatched up the branding iron that had
fallen to the ground
she lunged forward and grabbed myanman
by the hair aiming the rod at her face
once more
wang lingjo's cultivation was extremely
low but her movements were swift and
venomous if she succeeded even if
myanman didn't lose an eye her looks
would be ruined for life at a dire time
like this when their very lives were in
peril that woman was still obsessed with
hurting people
the other disciples were also knocking
their arrows completely focused on
confronting the yao beast
there was no one else near the two girls
and way wu shin was out of arrows with
no time to grab more he rushed over and
struck heavily at the hand with which
wang ling xiao gripped myanmian's hair
while simultaneously striking heavily at
her heart
the strike landed hard and hit home
blood gushed from wengling jab's mouth
as she was sent flying backward however
the tip of the branding iron had already
been pressed to weigh wushan's chest
he was assaulted by a stench of scorched
cloth and flesh and the horrifying smell
of cooked meat
there was an excruciating pain near his
heart just below his collarbone he
gritted his teeth hard but couldn't hold
back the snarl that escaped his throat
from the agonizing pain
the un pulled his punches
he hadn't pulled his punches at all his
strike had sent wang lee zhao flying
spewing blood as she soared oh
let's just take a second and relish that
image shall we oh that's nice
however the tip of the branding iron had
already been pressed away with shen's
chest hello
she started wailing the moment she
crashed into the ground
zhang chung wound up and was about to
chop wingling zhao's head with his hand
when wen chow started shrieking mildly
madly
zhao xiao zhao zhao quick save xiao zhao
of course
when julia's brow wrinkled but he made
no comment he swiftly left over fought
jing chung off and returned with wang
ling zhao dangling from one hand
he tossed her at wenchau's feet wengling
zhao threw herself into wenchow's arms
yelling at the top of her lungs and
coughing blood all the while
jing chung caught up with them and faced
when julio
when chow saw his frightening expression
both eyes bloodshot and that all the
other disciples were thrown into chaos
not to mention the fact that the
enormous yao beast had finally set its
left front claw onto the lake's shore
now when chao finally felt fear
withdraw withdraw he cried out withdraw
immediately
his subordinates had been struggling to
hang on not so patiently waiting for
their great leader to call for a retreat
as soon as they heard the command they
mounted their swords and flew off when
chow's sword had been thrown into the
water by weiwou shan so he snatched one
from another and hopped on with wengling
zhao in his arms he immediately shot off
with a whoosh disappearing without a
trace the wends servants and disciples
followed closely after him
stop the fight
gingee schwein barked let's go the group
of disciples had no desire to stick
around and fight this rock mountain of a
beast they dashed like mad back to the
cave's opening but when they arrived
they saw the vine they had used to climb
down was coiled on the ground like a
dead snake
gingy's friend flew into a rage
shameless damn crooks they cut the vine
without the vine there was no way they
could climb up the steep earthen wall
the opening was over a hundred meters
above their heads and the daylight that
winked down at them blinded their eyes
the next moment the slide was
extinguished by half like a
tiangu
my best guess
eating the moon
there is a footnote here oh um the thing
is a mythological creature that
resembles a black dog it's thought to
eat the sun or moon during solar or
lunar eclipses oh cool
they're blocking the hole someone
exclaimed an alarm as soon as he said so
the remaining half of the light was
snuffed out
trapped deep underground the only light
that remained came from the burning
torches that illuminated the lost
confused and speechless young faces
it was a good moment before jinji
schweins cursing shattered the dead
silence those cheaters really went and
did it
it's okay if we can't get out one of the
boys mumbled my father and mother will
come find me when they hear of this
they'll definitely come search for us
here
a scattered few agreed but someone else
immediately replied voice trembling they
still think we're being educated in
chichen
why would they come look for us
besides the ones won't tell people the
truth after they ran off they'll
definitely fabricate some excuse we'll
have no choice but to stay down here
we can only stay in this underground
cave without food in the company of yao
beast
at that moment zhang chung slowly walked
over supporting way we shan as he went
they just happened to catch the without
food remark and so way we shan had to
add his commentary
dang chung i got a chunk of cook's feet
right here you want it
screw off not even that branding iron
could kill you james chamber rated is
this really the time for your nonsense
you have no idea how badly i want to sew
your mouth shut
lang 1g's light-colored eyes fell on
them
then his gaze moved to me and man she
was following zhang chung and weiwou
shan looking at a loss her face was
scrunched up and stained with tears and
her hands twisted her skirt as she
sniffled sobbed and repeatedly uttered
apologies
way wishing covered his ears inside can
you please stop crying i'm the one that
got burned not you do you want me to
comfort you why don't you comfort me
instead pretty please all right jing
chung that's enough of you hauling me
around it's not like i broke a leg
this [__] boy
this boy
the girls
the girls present the girls present all
surrounded man-man and wept along with
her withdrawing his gaze linwonji
doubled back in the direction of the
lake
lander guangxi where are you going jane
chung asked
that yao beast is still guarding the
lake
i am returning to the lake land wang ji
replied a way out lies there
when the others heard there was a way to
get out of here the weeping abruptly
stopped a way out way wushan asked
there are maple leaves in the water nan
wang ji stated
that brings us to part two of chapter 11
and a really good ending point
for
today
oh
we're coming up on the cave scene
i'm so excited
i mean i'm still mad that we got thrown
back you know 16 years ago
right when wushan you know had his big
gay awakening at the end of volume two
but
i guess if she's gonna throw us back
right you know when the stuff gets nice
and gay
then she could at least throw us back
to the cave scene i suppose we can let
her live
uh oh crap i didn't grab my i have a
couple of beautiful bookmarks that um
a patron sent me a while back but
they're on the bookshelf back there so
i'm just gonna have to it's an easy spot
it's part two it's page 46.
so that is where we are stopping for
today
[Music]
it usually takes about eight or nine
live streams to get through one of these
volumes
because i believe they're all they're
aiming for them all to be about 350
and actually this one is 321
so it'll probably take us more like
eight
uh eight live streams
uh twice a week so basically the month
of september is modaf zusha volume three
month here at gay watch
and um
who could i'm i'm just so i'm just i'm
so
i'm so excited
i love the sunshot campaign i love you
know
canon queer awakenings that i can read
aloud you know i just i love the cave
scene i'm just so
i'm so excited i really am if my back
would let me sit longer um i would just
be reading constantly and completely
throw my throat out so maybe that's a
bad idea
but um so yes twice a week ideally it's
three especially you know now that we've
gotten it going and i won't be caught
blind because atd is a thing
um tuesdays and thursdays 3 p.m to
around 4 30 maybe sometimes like today
to 4 45 in order to get to a good
stopping point
um
and it's
yeah
volume three that is what september
is [__] all about
um thank you guys for
[Music]
stopping by
watching listening i don't really know
what this is
but it's fun it's a hell of a lot of fun
for me
and um i obviously since i'm reading i
cannot see
your comments as you make them
in the chat but i do go back and i do
read them um let me know if you did
anything productive this hour
while listening to this
if you did any i don't know art crochet
homework
work i don't know something
uh let me know either down in the
comments or in the chat because i'm just
curious about what people get up to
while they listen to me
basically you know
reenact mode
and i will hopefully see you guys on
thursday if you ever miss a live stream
it's totally fine these live streams
will go up and be made public
immediately after they end so even if
you miss it you won't have to wait very
long it will be waiting for you
so thank you so much i will see you guys
on thursday this is exactly as much fun
as it always is and i'm super [__]
hyped especially to read like the
embarrassing stuff because i don't know
how i'm gonna handle it but i will see
you guys on thursday
and um
that's it actually
take care of yourselves how about how
about that take care of yourselves
please and i'll see you on thursday
bye